>> Jafar Husain: Today we're gonna
be doing the advanced version of
the async programming class in JavaScript.
And I assume, most of you guys
have taken my last class by now.
And if you did, you remember that we did
a lot of basic exercises, to sort of
strengthen the basic skills about building
streams with functional programming.
That was a little functions,
map, filter, reduce, merge, zip.
And then at the tail end of the class,
we talked about things like
the flattening operators.
And today in class,
the idea is to dive deep, and
do some pretty beefy problems, right?
Using this stuff, more complex problems.
Some maybe even more complex than
the average problem you run into at
work everyday.
But mostly again,
to just sorta strengthen those skills.
>> Jafar Husain: So, with that in mind,
before we get into the really deep stuff,
I actually find it can be really useful
to take about ten steps back, and
go over the basics again.
So the idea here is, presumably,
all of you guys have seen my class,
I'm not gonna spend too
much time on review.
But one thing I find really
valuable is actually,
we're gonna be doing a minimal
implementation of RX in the class today.
So we're actually gonna be implementing RX
from the ground up, and then we're gonna
do subscription, and we're gonna
see how the code flows through.
And see the relationship between
observers, subscriptions, observables, and
then we're gonna get into those
beefy problems after that.
So, here's the agenda that
we'll be talking about today.
We're gonna discuss the interface changes,
it's been a long strange
trip with observable.
And since we did this class two years ago,
it was more of a niche topic.
And now, I think a lot of folks out
there are using it because, well,
it's kind of the way business
is done in Angular 2.
So there's a lot of folks out there who
are familiar now with Observable, because
of that reason, we're gonna do, as I said,
a minimal Observable Implementation.
>> Jafar Husain: Then we're gonna
go over a real problem that we
had to solve at Netflix
called Animations Allowed.
I like it because it's hard, and so
I'm excited to see how you guys do on it.
And a Reddit Image Viewer App, something
a little more practical, a little more
everyday, but we're gonna build a whole
app ground up using RX for that.
And if we have time at the end, we're
gonna talk a little bit about promises and
how they relate to observables